# Beginner Stage 1A 
Welcome to stage 1A! In this short stage you're learning the basic tools and how they work. Through these projects you will learn how to use some of basic tools, as well as some of the core parts in FRC and how they go together. The focus on this guide is primarily to familiarize yourself and build CAD skills within an FRC context. We'll try to explain how various parts throughout the process, but please use the discord if you have any questions!  

## Navigating Onshape

- How to make a document

- How to make a folder, and why folders are important

- How to copy a document

- Part Studios vs Assemblies


## Learning how to sketch 

Tools needed: 
- Sketch
- line
- rectangle
- constraints
- a prayer 

## Swerve Drivebase

We're starting with this project since it's the most commonly used drivetrain, as well as being simple to design. 

- Ignore bellypan, focus on just chassis extrudes + side layout sketching + basic assembly, should be a quick project

## Gearbox 1
This first gearbox introduces you to some basic ideas. By the end of this you should be able to design your first gearbox and be introduced to some of the tools used. 

- Use Kremer Gearbox
<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/OE-NVLBxm6I" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>


## Gearbox 2
This second gearbox introduces you to some more featurescripts as well as some basic design fundamentals. After finishing these projects, we can graduate to stage 2A

- 